chore: refactor protocolpool for simplicity (#24116)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/protocolpool/README.md

Reviewer: we should also explain the what each of them module accounts below deals with here

	// ModuleName is the module name constant used in many places
	ModuleName = "protocolpool"

	// ProtocolPoolDistrAccount is an intermediary account that holds the funds to be distributed to the protocolpool accounts.
	ProtocolPoolDistrAccount = "protocolpool_distr"

## Concepts

> `x/protocolpool` is a module that handle functionality around community pool funds. This provides a separate module account for community pool making it easier to track the pool assets. We no longer track community pool assets in `x/distribution` module, but instead in the `x/protocolpool` module. Funds are migrated from the `x/distribution` module's community pool to `x/protocolpool`'s module account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`x/protocolpool` is a supplemental Cosmos SDK module that handles functionality for community pool funds. The module provides a separate module account for the community pool making it easier to track the pool assets. We no longer track community pool assets in `x/distribution` module, but instead in the `x/protocolpool` module. Funds are migrated from the `x/distribution` module's community pool to `x/protocolpool`'s module account.
```

Reviewer: for this part:  "we no longer track community pool assets...", i think we should mention something like, "starting with v0.53.x of the Cosmos SDK, community funds can be tracked using this module" or something of that nature. the way it currently reads, there is some implied contextual knowledge the reader might not have.

> `x/protocolpool` is a supplemental Cosmos SDK module that handles functionality for community pool funds. The module provides a separate module account for the community pool making it easier to track the pool assets. We no longer track community pool assets in `x/distribution` module, but instead in the `x/protocolpool` module. Funds are migrated from the `x/distribution` module's community pool to `x/protocolpool`'s module account.

Reviewer: for this part: "we no longer track community pool assets...", i think we should mention something like, "starting with v0.53.x of the Cosmos SDK, community funds can be tracked using this module" or something of that nature. the way it currently reads, there is some implied contextual knowledge the reader might not have.

Author: [clarify docs](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/24116/commits/2c67089343f96abe6aa1cdad14edf75ea11853ed)

> This module is `supplemental`, meaning it is not required when running a Cosmos SDK chain - it only extends the community pool functionality as `x/distribution` and provides a way to create custom modules to extend the community pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is `supplemental`; it is not required to run a Cosmos SDK chain. `x/protocolpool` enhances the community pool functionality provided by `x/distribution` and enables the custom modules to further extend the community pool.
```
